Most of us have been attending meetings for years,
some decades, others for our entire life.
But isn't it good to stop and pause from time to time
and think to ourselves and ask ourselves,
why am I attending meetings?
It seems like such a simple, basic question,
but how profound because it has huge meaning for us.
It really shows our motives inside and it shows our goals.
It affects our relationship with Jehovah as well as others.
Our Watchtower article under consideration for today
is entitled, why should we meet together for worship?
So there's our clue for worship.
And the Watchtower article featured a box entitled,
Reasons to a Ten Meetings.
As shown on the monitor, the box listed eight reasons.
And they were grouped into three basic categories.
The first, how you are personally affected.
So we receive education at the meetings, encouragement.
They bring us closer to Jehovah through his Holy Spirit
and we can tap into that powerful spirit.
The second area is how others are affected.
So we can give, we have an opportunity to show
our brothers and sisters that we love them
and we want to encourage them.
And the last category is how Jehovah is affected.
As we go to the meetings
and we have good meeting attendance,
it really gives us an opportunity to give Jehovah
what he deserves, our heartfelt praise, our worship.
It shows Jehovah that we want to draw close to him
and his son Jesus.
And lastly, it demonstrates that we support God's sovereignty.
Now this is the way the Watchtower listed these subjects,
these categories.
But if you were to rearrange these,
how would you put these in order of importance?
Isn't it true that worshiping Jehovah
is the most important reason why we go to the Kingdom Hall?
These other reasons are good.
We benefit, others benefit.
But as we meditate and we stop and think,
is meetings, are meetings a priority in my life?
Even if we're tired, even if we're full of anxiety
or we're going through some difficult times,
we need to stop, think and meditate
on why we go to meetings.
It's to worship Jehovah.
And that's exactly what the composer of Psalm 116 did.
He paused, he stopped,
and he thought about his relationship with Jehovah
and what he could do to serve Jehovah more in the future.
He saw how Jehovah helped him through difficult times
as well as the good times.
He took this time in Psalm 116 to reflect on
all that Jehovah did for him.
And it's good for us to do the same.
So please open your Bibles, your tablets with me
to Psalm 116.
And as we find that Psalm,
we will see that the Psalmist
really tells us some wonderful things about Jehovah
and how we can cope with our issues.
We see here this Psalm is referred to
as a song of gratitude.
And we see this right away in verse one
where the Psalmist says,
makes this thankful, sane,
this expression of gratitude.
I love Jehovah.
Well, there's many reasons why he loved Jehovah,
but he starts up by saying,
because he hears my voice, my pleas for help.
And verse two, he inclines his ear to me.
And the footnote says,
or he bends down to listen.
Now, just because the Psalmist
had this relationship with Jehovah,
he loved Jehovah.
It did not mean that his life was carefree,
that it was stress free, that he had an easy life.
And by no means, in fact, it's quite the opposite.
He had many problems, and he had many trials.
And many of us can relate to some of the things
that we'll be reading in Psalm 116,
what this Psalmist went through.
Notice there in verse three.
It said that he faced death.
Well, if we were to face death,
we would feel the same way as a Psalmist.
It caused him distress.
It caused him grief.
There in verse six, he was brought low.
Well, this could mean that he felt downhearted, weak,
depressed, whatever circumstances he was in.
This is how he felt.
Verse 10 and 11, he said he was greatly afflicted.
This caused him to panic, to become anxious.
Now, although he was going through some difficult times,
he had these trials, he made a vow to Jehovah.
He promised him in verses two and four,
to call on Jehovah, to give him the praise
that he deserves, to rely on him in prayer.
And he would do this for how long?
For as long as he lived.
And this is just what he did.
And as the Psalmist reflected on all that Jehovah
has done for his loyal servants in the past,
as well as what he has done for the Psalmist himself,
it really helped him to come to the conclusion in verse five
that the God that he worships is one that is compassionate,
one that is righteous, one that is merciful.
And in verses six through eight,
we'll notice that Jehovah in the eyes of the Psalmist
is viewed as a trusted guardian,
savior, rescuer, a kind and compassionate father
who always provides comfort and guidance to his children.
And all of this, this love, this attachment to Jehovah,
what did it do for the Psalmist?
Notice there in verse 10,
that strong love gave him strong faith.
It gave him the confidence to speak up
and to praise his God.
His problems did not disappear,
but neither did Jehovah.
Jehovah was always there to back him,
to give him the comfort and to help him endure,
to never give up.
Now after meditating on all the ways
that Jehovah cared for him over the years,
the Psalmist asked himself a question,
maybe it's a question we need to ask from time to time.
In verse 12, with what will I repay Jehovah
for all the good he has done for me personally?
So we thought about that, he pondered,
and what was the conclusion?
Notice verse 17.
He said, I will offer to you, Jehovah,
the sacrifice of Thanksgiving.
I will call in the name of Jehovah.
I will pay my vows to Jehovah in the presence
of all his people in the courtyards
of the house of Jehovah in your midst, O Jerusalem.
Praise, jaw.
So we can see the determination in the Psalmist,
his closeness to Jehovah, Jehovah inclined his ear
to listen to him, to help him.
Well, this really strengthened the bond
between the Psalmist and Jehovah.
He was resolved to do his best
to give thanks back to Jehovah
and live up to his promises and his vows.
It was his desire.
It was his goal to always praise Jehovah
and we would do this for rest of his life
and where would he do this in the house of Jehovah?
And who would he worship in the house of Jehovah with
with all of Jehovah's people?
So we see a pattern for us today.
How can we possibly pay or repay Jehovah?
How can we show our appreciation for all the provisions,
all that he has done for us?
Well, we can never fully repay Jehovah, that's impossible.
But what we can do is show him our love and our appreciation.
We can live up to our dedication every day.
We can give back to Jehovah praise every week
at our meetings and in the ministry
and doing so with our brothers and our sisters.
We can also show appreciation for the many provisions
that are available to Jehovah's organization today,
like our revised Bible.
What a treasure that is for us.
And then we have the study Bible
with all those study notes, the videos, the pictures,
the charts, all of these helping us visual people
to understand what Jehovah's righteous ways are,
well, how he wants to us to act and serve him.
We also have the many printed publications.
We have JW.org, JW Broadcasting,
and the beautiful music and videos
that are being produced for our benefit today.
Now these provisions will help strengthen
our love for Jehovah and keep Jehovah
as the number one thing in our life.
But to fully benefit from all of these provisions,
what is needed on our part?
Well, first of all, we need to be acquainted
with what is available.
We need to learn how to use them
and then we need to take the time, slow down
and use these tools to our benefit,
to the worship of Jehovah and benefit others.
Now, thinking about it just a really simple illustration.
Many of us have a phone,
some of us have these things called smartphones,
you need to be smart to even use these smartphones.
But it takes time, it takes effort
to learn all the different features on these phones.
They can take pictures, videos, we can study on these,
we can go on to the internet,
we can do all kinds of wonderful things.
We could talk to our families through Skype
or different means.
We can talk, use it as a phone, how amazing.
But with all these things, what is needed on our part?
First of all, we need to understand how to use it, right?
And this phone or some of these tablets
would never work if we would not plug it in to a power source.
It has to be charged in order to be useful to us.
And isn't that the same when we think about what we need
to do for Jehovah?
We need to be at the meetings,
we need to understand what he wants us to do
to work in accord with his will, his purposes.
But we also need to plug ourselves into his power
for Holy Spirit.
And if we do that, we will be able to give Jehovah
the worship he deserves, we will benefit,
and then we will be beneficial to others.